feat: allow to use EL in health check configuration (#428)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/user-guide/publisher/backend-services.adoc

. Enter the *HTTP Method* which triggers the health check.
. Add the path which triggers the health check. Select *From root path* to apply the path specified at root URL level. For example, if your endpoint URL is `www.test.com/api`, this option removes `/api` before appending the path.

> . Specify headers which trigger the health check, if any. Headers can be written in Gravitee Expression Language for link:/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_expression_language.html#dictionaries[dictionaries^] and link:/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_expression_language.html#properties[api's properties^] access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Specify headers which trigger the health check, if any. You can use link:/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_expression_language.html[expression language] to configure a header. Available variables are link:/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_expression_language.html#dictionaries[dictionaries^] and link:/apim/3.x/apim_publisherguide_expression_language.html#properties[api's properties^].
```
